[IA] Update Assisted and Automatic Instrumentation (#7157)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry.io: content/en/docs/automatic/_index.md

---
title: Automatic & Assisted Instrumentation
aliases: [/docs/zero-code]
redirects:
  - { from: /docs/instrumentation/*, to: ':splat' } # Only for `en`
  - { from: 'net/*', to: 'dotnet/:splat' }
weight: 260
---

Besides **code-based** instrumentation using the
[language-specific APIs and SDKs](/docs/languages/) the OpenTelemetry project

> provides a set of solutions for **automatic** (or **zero-code**) and

Reviewer: We might need to be even more precise in the wording. Do we have definitions of the terms somewhere?

Author: We have them introduced in the concept page, can link it here once again, I also updated that page with the PR, see 

https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry.io/pull/7157/files#diff-d7365fbf3339a2546966ef878b1b7af558848fc1abad152c217830c3ab127c8a

Does this work?

**assisted** instrumentation.

> You can learn about the difference between the three solutions and about their

Reviewer 2: Won't hurt to restate the solutions here.

Author: ```suggestion
You can learn about the difference between code-based, automatic and assisted instrumentation, and about their
```

like that, is the second comma put correctly?

Reviewer 2: Yeah!
